So...
um Can I pick up where I left off?
Okay, so for WandaVision her costume
looked really really natural because they stressed the fabric enough so it didn't look like
it completely new, but it just looked used and that made sense to me.
It was like, It was like
her superhero costumes. It was like, really like...
i didnt feel like  it was like a plastic you fabric like a fake fabric that was nice.
yeah
It's a little too shiny.
Yes like...
I feel like they should be like...
Like prop makers should be able to like make chess plates and stuff because I feel like they would make it
realistic right. yeahh
Let's talk about let's talk about the movie right
Okay, so like...ummm
My favorite avengers  movie is
I think Age of Ultron
I just really like
how they aren't at each other's throats.
And they're working as a team.
yeahh Have you watched it?
i Don't
I'm okay with the Lego movie.
Like, I just, I don't know. I haven't watched it in a while. I need a refresher, but I'll probably like it.
i Like Lego Batman
I love Lego Batman.
I was like watching Michael Batman the other day and I was like, wow.
This actually is really funny.
It's a comedy for real. Are there any other movies, like Ghibli movies?
Are there any Ghibli movies you're into? Ghibli. Studio Ghibli.
Okay, um, I also like it. It's good.
Are you looking at him with the black hair?
That's a hot take. That's a hot take.
That's huge. It looks like he's gonna like steal your whole life.
I mean, like, he's naturally long. Yeah, he's European.
They are all european
It's cute. I like it. I heard like the original book was kind of scary tho
It's like, it's like Disney princesses versus the Grimm's Brothers.
Like, for how is it a castle, I think, um...
I really like Sophie, she was very, she was like
she feels really silly like i think she adjusted a little too quickly
She just accepted it. Yeah.
Like she doesn't have an existential crisis at some point?
Like, she doesn't feel like the main character in that movie.
We don't really get to see what she's thinking, we just see what's happening.
Howl's Moving Castle. She's just a storyteller.
Also, I feel like it's so off-putting that...
He was like 30 and she was just like 18.
yeahh (****)
Like, you know Snow White, like 16 and like 32.
like he's literally twice her age
no actually
It's still kind of different.
And that's.
They were on something. They were on something.
Do you have a favorite Disney princess movie?
Sleeping Beauty, oh that was so cute. I love the Maleficent live action.
oh they were so pretty oh my god i love the cgi in that one
It's getting worse
Like the first and second were both really good.
I haven't watched that one. i havent watched
Oh, Cruella? Oh, you were totally talking about that Dalmatian one. like
(****)
What was CGI in that one? Other than the obvious... like..
That's a lot.